oh this is Steve dichroic last man it
just made a nice little panel let's get
an idea I haven't turned it black yet
from Bettina just a small geometric
little panel sampling of textures a
couple bevels three some clear glass
actually it's four bevels and some
scraps that I have I use a lot of clear
textures so I create a lot of scraps
pretty much this is all scraps and just
want to take you through give you some
ideas here on designing you might be of
interest you might not like this panel
and that's fine
but how I arrived at it might be of
interest to you let's show you something
that um some of these viewers have never
seen before a record album tada
get you an old record album pay a nickel
ten cents grab you a couple get a bunch
of them actually they make good drawing
templates they're nice and round here's
the idea poster board that's how I draw
my patterns lay the lay the the album
down take your lead pencil trace around
it and definitely mark your center point
now that you've making record album size
consistent standardized sizes for you
it's a good idea have that around put it
on a nail put it in your drafting drawer
and you might want to framing a small
frame square that's what this is called
they make larger ones and from that
center point where you drew the little
circle just draw a little dot in the
middle of that circle like I did and
draw this thing in half that's if you're
going to make a symmetrical window left
matches right so I'll just draw another
tool that would be handy to have in your
library of drafting tools your drawer
drafting tools is a square is a triangle
okay sorry
is a definite right angle triangle you
can do 45s with this like I did here
turn it here to draw that triangle so
you definitely need one of these I also
if you noticed put my poster board down
next to a straight stick so that where I
have created myself a straight edge I
can draw now wherever that circle is
wherever I lay that circle down as long
as I'm going to you put this up the
middle right there
that's going to be my up-and-down line
another reason you don't need these two
pieces of equipment here this framing
square small framing square they make
larger ones and this is so that you can
slide this up and down to create lines
that way draw it straight across move it
you're gonna flop it that up I can't do
this and draw this window up with one
hand videoing and one hand moving pieces
parts around anyway created a nifty
little panel could do these in color
scrap colors that you might have I like
textures this would be the first one
just wanted to whip something up I got
an art show coming up so I'm going to
whip up about 20 of these they won't all
be the same design I'll just pick out
scraps of glass looks kind of abstract
cross here here and hands up in the sky
holding up you know you can see it if
you look for it you can see it but I
think it's a cool little panel I put
that around the edge have it clean I've
only cleaned it but I haven't patinaed
it yet I'm going to put a decorative
edging around it yet still and I've got
to put my hangers if you're going to
design a symmetrical window you want to
make sure that you have a place to hang
your hangers and I'm going to hang a
hanger here a hanger is how I'm going to
hang this window and one on this side
that's an important element that if
you're going to design these little
panels
I don't like single wire I don't like
the Sun catcher look the suction cup
cheapo look it's going to look more
pensive in the long run if you hang your
little piece done well with two hangers
one looks cheap
looks like arts and crafts or hobby town
hobby and the other one's going to look
artsy higher dollar dollar higher dollar
value just a personal interpretation
don't take it for it it's just just a
thought anyway you could do all kinds of
cool colors and these configure them
around might just do a video I'm
designing several these or throwing out
some more designs this is just a quickie
but yet it's going to be really pretty
I'm going to change them up and the
other ones gonna put McVean ones blue
ones red ones white ones gold ones
yellow and this blah blah blah and then
keep elaborating on it and in the future
I'll take my tray up dichroic goodies
here that I make in my shop and I will
put dichroic elements in mine not
obviously not in this pattern but I will
create some stuff using the dichroic but
then I turn this extra bevel piece I had
laying around in the dike row I do my
own dichroic lamination so you're gonna
see some fun little panels with that
crow X in it anyway I thought I'd sure
that idea with you get yourself a record
album find somebody's got some albums or
find them out in the garage sale and 45s
same thing they make excellent drawing
discs and you won't regret it
they're very handy at our drawing a
quick circle in some cases well not as
good as a compass but sometimes some
ways even more better than a compass so
think about it framing square record
album at a right angle triangle this has
been you could see all the whiteout I've
gotten on this dude this thing has been
this has been used a lot and then you
need a straightedge this poster boards
just sitting
so it's not clamped down fact I can move
it say if you feel like your doubt put a
thumbtack up at the top if you think
it's gonna move I'm confident with my
abilities so if I don't have any problem
with it I can draw another circle here
and another circle here so I can get
three circles out of a sheet of poster
board just to thought you guys just
sharing some ideas and if you get some
value out of it let me know or if you
think it's going to aid in your future
designs let me know I like hearing the
positive feedback from people if they're
getting ideas from them I get tremendous
amount of feedback from folks and I very
appreciate it I'm willing to share ideas
without going into my my secret Genesis
system one day I will want to sell my
system or lease it or work with somebody
to develop it I have there I have quite
a few very patentable ideas and who
knows but anyway just just for fun let's
just talk about this creating small
little panels using a record album a
small framing square in a right angle
triangle see what you think bye bye